# Retrospective SQL

Retrospectives are a critical part of Agile, and typically take the form of meetings held by a team at the end of a sprint cycle. To get us acclimated to that process, we will use the format of a retrospectives to guide today’s reflection.

This article gives a nice overview to the role of retrospectives.

Take 10-15 minutes at the end of lab to respond to the following questions, adapted from the article:

### What went well, that I might forget if I don’t write down?

- After drawing the data model (boxes for each page with GET/POST routes, webpages and content) for myself I asked Nicholas to do it again as part of review. It helped immensly to clarify what goes where.

- I did go for a walk with Michelle. So worth it.

- I asked for TA help - immediately to be able to start fixing my app from the crashes of the day before. I got help - thank you TEAM from TA Sara, TA Skyler AND Wizard Nicholas himself. And with combined effort we solved the problem. After a computer restart it worked. On to the next problems that kept hanging.

- I learned to navigate this and put the missing pieces (add and delete button, details update button)

- the next problem in the data retention - it kept dropping data information. I had TA Bryant come over - wow thisa guy doesnt give up. Way cool. After 40minutes or so we found it - the database normalizes camelCase into forced camelcase which then doesnt match the data as it is passed back to the ejs engine to render it. therefore drops it and then proceeds to save the empty/dropped version

- solution NO JOKE NEVER use upper case in SQL unless its all CAPS INSERT SELECT DELETE ETC;

- I got up early yet it seems there is not enough time - hmmmm, what an illusion. I know philosophically that time is an after effect of my mind. Hence I need to shift my mind. I have enough time for what I need. I am provided with everything I need.

- I learned about _method-override - to turn a POST route into a DELETE or PUT(=update) route - and remember the data then sits in the req.body;



### What should I do differently next time?

- **_guard my attitude better; I don't need to be perfect - AND I dont need to save OR judge people - I can just allow myself my own jouney like everyone else as well_**

- **_reach out for help sooner;_**

- **_IMPORTANT go straight to remo. Sit with other students that "GET IT" - like Lydia, Zach and James. and jump right into help request to fix my code_**

- **_after lecture I am going to go for a walk with Michelle again, cook our favorite lunch and then codereview and THEN go straight to frontrow to re watch the lecture with school repo and trello up side by side!!!!_**

- **_re focus on my holy holy spirit - because that is where mygenius comes from. that is where true unconditional love fills me and flows through me - that is where the magic of the flow comes from. I DON't ACCEPT my own ATTIDTUDE of getting short - with Michelle, with myself, with other people - I CHANGE MY MIND_**

- **_take care of my body better - go to bed on time and lovingly take care of yourself_**

### What still puzzles me, or what do I need to learn more about?

- REWATCH server deployment

Thinking about each of your assignments for the day, reflect on:

### Is the assignment complete? If not, where exactly did you leave off, and what work remains? what needs more doing ?

- resubmit lab 13

- code challenges with reduce - review

- resubmit 3 labs

- professional about me PITCH on my portfolio website

- career video REDO - Fizzo I LOVE YOU. It's OK. Heal that body. It loves you.

- CSS GRID;
