# Retrospective SQL
Retrospectives are a critical part of Agile, and typically take the form of meetings held by a team at the end of a sprint cycle. To get us acclimated to that process, we will use the format of a retrospectives to guide today’s reflection.

This article gives a nice overview to the role of retrospectives.

Take 10-15 minutes at the end of lab to respond to the following questions, adapted from the article:

### What went well, that I might forget if I don’t write down?
  - I got the database setup - and having a TA group session with Chance I saw that I was literally 95% there already - but what I learned was to setup the variables in the schema.sql correctly so they match both the data that comes in as well as the data that we need to pass on to the front end.
  - I finished the national parks
  - code challenges - I got back into the groove of it and got all the way to challenge 8
  - STILL HUMBLED BY HOW MUCH i DON`T KNOW;

  - I did go for a walk with Michelle again - enjoying the golden light of the afternoon sun - beautiful
  - I cooked our favorite brunch again today

  - I got help from LYDIA - thank you - asking her how she does her workflow after class and she told me that she usually re watches the frontrow lecture and has the school repo open on another screen to go right along reviewing what we learned in the lecture. She also showed me how she uses Trello to get better setup.

  - I got up at 4:00am again today - I was excited to get up and wanting to GET this, wanting to understand this. And it is working in increments that I can recognize. I have been reviewing the morning lecture and making adjustments to my own code.


### What did I learn today?
  - database setup with SQL
  - how to format data correctly part 3 - for database usage
  - I changed my state with a powerful walk and IT WORKED - I came back and immediately got help from Lydia

  - on the same note - everyone is a mirror - so I take that warning signs - that future sonar - 2 of my reflections are frustrated and angry - where am I that way, more importantly STOP, FIZZO, RE CENTER and FLOW - I AM GETTING THIS, it's ok - find your joy and keep moving

  - and I add to this I celebrate every step.
  - it's also a great learning experience, because I am usually in the top 5% of the class and having this experience of not getting it yesterday taught me more compassion with my comrades from class that I see struggle with pieces of this. - Yet again I dont have to take that on either - I am working on getting it fully and completly myself first.
  - api integration - how do I find the format the external server needs for me to send the request in
  - api integration - how do I find the format for the data that comes back

### What should I do differently next time?

  - ***after lecture I am going to go for a walk with Michelle again, cook our favorite lunch and then codereview and THEN go straight to frontrow to re watch the lecture with school repo and trello up side by side!!!!***

  - ***after that be up and running in REMO much quicker and grab TA HELP***

  - ***guard my attitude better; I don't need to be perfect - AND I dont need to save OR judge people - I can just allow myself my own jouney like everyone else as well***

  - ***reach out for help sooner;***

  - ***re focus on my holy holy spirit - because that is where mygenius comes from. that is where true unconditional love fills me and flows through me - that is where the magic of the flow comes from***
  - ***take care of my body better - go to bed on time and lovingly take care of yourself***

### What still puzzles me, or what do I need to learn more about?

- ***web server stuff (deployment, etc) - how the backend talks to the frontend;***


- the regex syntax is still somewhat strange;
- CSS Grid - I want to use this weekend to STUDY;

Thinking about each of your assignments for the day, reflect on:
### Is the assignment complete? If not, where exactly did you leave off, and what work remains?

  + server app connection to heroku is missing

  + My portfolio app is nowhere near complete - professional pitch, text content and flip card for my picture at the bottom


## what needs more doing ?
  + server app connection to heroku is missing - AGAIN - now even more tricky because of API keys AND database....

  + professional about me PITCH on my portfolio website
  + CSS GRID;