# Retrospective SQL
Retrospectives are a critical part of Agile, and typically take the form of meetings held by a team at the end of a sprint cycle. To get us acclimated to that process, we will use the format of a retrospectives to guide today’s reflection.

This article gives a nice overview to the role of retrospectives.

Take 10-15 minutes at the end of lab to respond to the following questions, adapted from the article:

### What went well, that I might forget if I don’t write down?

  - I got up early again today Wednesday - yesterday I felt the most stuck/lost/don't get it in a long time - I refuse to feel that way. I am getting it.

  - I am drawing out how this mess of webpages and routes(GET and POST) is supposed to flow and it helps immensely.

  - I did go for a walk with Michelle. So worth it.

  - I joined Lydia, Zach and James M in remo. 

  - I got up early to watch remo replay - it seems there is not enough time - hmmmm, what an illusion. I know philosophically that time is an after effect of my mind. Hence I need to shift my mind. I have enough time for what I need. I am provided with everything I need.

### What should I do differently next time?


  - ***guard my attitude better; I don't need to be perfect - AND I dont need to save OR judge people - I can just allow myself my own jouney like everyone else as well***

  - ***reach out for help sooner;***







  - ***IMPORTANT go straight to remo. Sit with other students that "GET IT" - like Lydia, Zach and James. and jump right into help request to fix my code***

  - ***after lecture I am going to go for a walk with Michelle again, cook our favorite lunch and then codereview and THEN go straight to frontrow to re watch the lecture with school repo and trello up side by side!!!!***


  - ***re focus on my holy holy spirit - because that is where mygenius comes from. that is where true unconditional love fills me and flows through me - that is where the magic of the flow comes from. I DON't ACCEPT my own ATTIDTUDE of getting short - with Michelle, with myself, with other people - I CHANGE MY MIND***

  - ***take care of my body better - go to bed on time and lovingly take care of yourself***

### What still puzzles me, or what do I need to learn more about?

- REWATCH server deployment

Thinking about each of your assignments for the day, reflect on:
### Is the assignment complete? If not, where exactly did you leave off, and what work remains? what needs more doing ?

  + resubmit lab 12



  + code challenges with reduce - review

  + resubmit 3 labs


  + professional about me PITCH on my portfolio website

  + career video REDO - Fizzo I LOVE YOU. It's OK. Heal that body. It loves you.

  + CSS GRID;