# Retrospective SQL
Retrospectives are a critical part of Agile, and typically take the form of meetings held by a team at the end of a sprint cycle. To get us acclimated to that process, we will use the format of a retrospectives to guide today’s reflection.

This article gives a nice overview to the role of retrospectives.

Take 10-15 minutes at the end of lab to respond to the following questions, adapted from the article:

### What went well, that I might forget if I don’t write down?
  - I got up early again today Tuesday - that stubborn radio button was calling me to be explored and STYLED. And I did more work - reading assignments, prepp for class.

  - I did go for a walk with Michelle. So worth it.

  - I joined Lydia, Zach and James M in remo. Working on the google book api. It helped me immensely. Seeing other students pull ahead and how they do it. Great experience.I learned how to navigate on my own through the console.log of data that comes back.

  - POST requests - the data shows up in .body;

  - use postman to sift through a big object;

  - STILL HUMBLED BY HOW MUCH i DON`T KNOW;

  - joining Nicholas C in the zoom for afternoon code challenge LAB was huge. I am starting to get regex. I like it.

  - I got up early and fixed some styling issues and it pays off. Now i LOVE looking at my product.

### What should I do differently next time?

  - ***IMP{ORTANT} go straight to remo. Sit with other students that "GET IT" - like Lydia, Zach and James. and jump right into help request to fix my code***

  - ***after lecture I am going to go for a walk with Michelle again, cook our favorite lunch and then codereview and THEN go straight to frontrow to re watch the lecture with school repo and trello up side by side!!!!***

  - ***guard my attitude better; I don't need to be perfect - AND I dont need to save OR judge people - I can just allow myself my own jouney like everyone else as well***

  - ***reach out for help sooner;***

  - ***re focus on my holy holy spirit - because that is where mygenius comes from. that is where true unconditional love fills me and flows through me - that is where the magic of the flow comes from. I DON't ACCEPT my own ATTIDTUDE of getting short - with Michelle, with myself, with other people - I CHANGE MY MIND***

  - ***take care of my body better - go to bed on time and lovingly take care of yourself***

### What still puzzles me, or what do I need to learn more about?

- it is getting clearer and clearer === web server stuff (deployment, etc) - how the backend talks to the frontend;

- the regex syntax is still somewhat strange - I want to use this weekend to STUDY;
- CSS Grid - I want to use this weekend to STUDY;

- REWATCH server deployment, creating databases and using them through npm, the heroku part of deployment, creating headers in the request cycle

Thinking about each of your assignments for the day, reflect on:
### Is the assignment complete? If not, where exactly did you leave off, and what work remains? what needs more doing ?

  + code challenges with reduce - review

  + resubmit 3 labs

  + professional about me PITCH on my portfolio website

  + career video REDO - Fizzo I LOVE YOU. It's OK. Heal that body. It loves you.

  + CSS GRID;