# Retrospective
Retrospectives are a critical part of Agile, and typically take the form of meetings held by a team at the end of a sprint cycle. To get us acclimated to that process, we will use the format of a retrospectives to guide today’s reflection.

This article gives a nice overview to the role of retrospectives.

Take 10-15 minutes at the end of lab to respond to the following questions, adapted from the article:

### What went well, that I might forget if I don’t write down?
  - I got the server to work
  - I got the data formatted correctly to where it displayed at the city app explorer site
  - I got to attend a virtual networking meetup - how to job search in tech
  - code challenges - I was tired and could see the effect on my problem solving capacity;
  - STILL HUMBLED BY HOW MUCH i DON`T KNOW;
  - I reached out for help on my table to Zach for help with the code challenge
  - I was able to give back by showing Zach how to embedd video and AUDIO since he is a musician
  - I did go for a walk with Michelle
  - I cooked our favorite brunch again today

### What did I learn today?
  - how to make a server app in JS
  - how to format data correctly
  - taking care of myself and going to bed early
  - I dont need to grind myself down trying to be at 100% - 90% is ok

### What should I do differently next time?
  - guard my attitude better; I don't need to be perfect - 90% is OK !!!
  - reach out for help sooner;
  - re focus on my holy holy spirit - because that is where mygenius comes from. that is where true unconditional love fills me and flows through me - that is where the magic of the flow comes from
  - take care of my body better - go to bed on time and lovingly take care of yourself

### What still puzzles me, or what do I need to learn more about?
- web server stuff (deployment, etc) - how the backend talks to the frontend;
- the regex syntax is still somewhat strange;
- CSS Grid - I want to use this weekend to STUDY;

Thinking about each of your assignments for the day, reflect on:
### Is the assignment complete? If not, where exactly did you leave off, and what work remains?
  + I got through to code challenge number 6 and I think there is 10 in that segment;
  + My portfolio app is nowhere near complete;
  + I realize I got totally carried away with the video and audio part that I never paid mind to the PROFESSIONAL aspect of the about me content - I need to change that !!!

## what needs more doing ?
    - professional about me PITCH on my portfolio website
    - CSS GRID;