# Retrospective
Retrospectives are a critical part of Agile, and typically take the form of meetings held by a team at the end of a sprint cycle. To get us acclimated to that process, we will use the format of a retrospectives to guide today’s reflection.

This article gives a nice overview to the role of retrospectives.

Take 10-15 minutes at the end of lab to respond to the following questions, adapted from the article:

### What went well, that I might forget if I don’t write down?
  - I got the server with outside data to work
  - I got the data formatted correctly to where it displayed at the city app explorer site
      1. for the location
      1. and for the weather (although only 1 day)
      1. and I got the national parks almost done

  - code challenges - I got back into the groove of it and got all the way to challenge 9
  - STILL HUMBLED BY HOW MUCH i DON`T KNOW;

  - I did go for a walk with Michelle again - enjoying the golden light of the afternoon sun - beautiful
  - I cooked our favorite brunch again today
  - Michelle cooked larb for us - with ginger, garlic and curry rice - amazing

### What did I learn today?
  - how to make a server app in JS part 2
  - how to format data correctly part 2
  - seeing my reflections getting frustrated and angry - I don't have to take that on
  - on the same note - evryone is a mirror - so I take that warning sign - that future sonar - 2 of my reflections are frustrated and angry - where am I that way, more importantly STOP, FIZZO, RE CENTER and FLOW - I AM GETTING THIS, it's ok - find your joy and keep moving

### What should I do differently next time?

  - ***find a way to be up and running in REMO much quicker and grab TA HELP***

  - ***guard my attitude better; I don't need to be perfect - 90% is OK !!!***
  - ***reach out for help sooner;***
  - ***re focus on my holy holy spirit - because that is where mygenius comes from. that is where true unconditional love fills me and flows through me - that is where the magic of the flow comes from***
  - ***take care of my body better - go to bed on time and lovingly take care of yourself***

### What still puzzles me, or what do I need to learn more about?

- ***web server stuff (deployment, etc) - how the backend talks to the frontend;***
  1. api integration - how do I find the format the external server needs for me to send the request in
  1. api integration - how do I find the format for the data that comes back


- the regex syntax is still somewhat strange;
- CSS Grid - I want to use this weekend to STUDY;

Thinking about each of your assignments for the day, reflect on:
### Is the assignment complete? If not, where exactly did you leave off, and what work remains?
  + I got through to code challenge number 9 out of 10

  + server app national parks is not fully working
  + weather route only displays 1 day - today

  + My portfolio app is nowhere near complete - professional pitch, text content and flip card for my picture at the bottom


## what needs more doing ?
    - server app needs to be finished for national parks
    = depolyed site on heroku needs help
    = 
    - professional about me PITCH on my portfolio website
    - CSS GRID;