# Retrospective
Retrospectives are a critical part of Agile, and typically take the form of meetings held by a team at the end of a sprint cycle. To get us acclimated to that process, we will use the format of a retrospectives to guide today’s reflection.

This article gives a nice overview to the role of retrospectives.

Take 10-15 minutes at the end of lab to respond to the following questions, adapted from the article:

### What went well, that I might forget if I don’t write down?
  - again I asked for help - but could have done more;
  - I reached out trying to improve our pair programming experience but there is a lot of room to grow;
  - I figured out on my own how to sort alphabetically the dropdown menu and to transform it to lower case so there is again no duplicates in there (rhino, Rhino);
  - ***I had a lot of fun figuring out the last two code challenges*** - they were kind of like a treat for me after getting stuck and frustrated with the Horned pictures lab project; So I figured out a way to sort a weekday list by reassigning a new variable through a nested for loop - then sort the array - then remove the variable - it was a step by step process and I am so proud of that I made it work;
  - yet funny and humbling at the same time (which is good in a way) - last night I could not make the mustache templating work (seems so easy);
  - the layout change with flex was super fun, simple and quick; I LOVE FLEX !!!

### What did I learn today?
  - I loved the code challenge of sorting; all the way to coming up with my own sorting algorithm for weekdays;
  - I learned how to filter/sort - by alphabet, by number, by reverse, by price or other object properties;
  - I learned how easy FLEX works;
### What should I do differently next time?
  - guard my time better;
  - really insist on true PAIR PROGRAMMING - not like sitting in the room together - but either you drive and I navigate or I drive and you navigate - as proven by TA comment;
### What still puzzles me, or what do I need to learn more about?
  - drop down menu selection - attribting a class to the objects to select by - transferring that class to the LIs to check what is displayed on the page;
  - sorting pictures; 

Thinking about each of your assignments for the day, reflect on:

### Is the assignment complete? If not, where exactly did you leave off, and what work remains?
  + I am proud of myself that I got all code challenges done - and I actually enjoy them a lot - another level for the weekday sort mechanism I came up with;
  + I am proud of myself, that I got a minimum lab done:
    - I got the button to delet all and re render with jQuery done;
    - I sorted the drop down menu by alphabet;
    - I adjusted my filter routine to not include duplicates by uppercase/lower case;
  + what needs more doing ?
    - sort by name and number of horns;
    - templating;
    - mobile rule for display so only 1 picture across at mobile setup;
    - GIT merge - find a solution for our 2 seperate projects;

