# Retrospective
Retrospectives are a critical part of Agile, and typically take the form of meetings held by a team at the end of a sprint cycle. To get us acclimated to that process, we will use the format of a retrospectives to guide today’s reflection.

This article gives a nice overview to the role of retrospectives.

Take 10-15 minutes at the end of lab to respond to the following questions, adapted from the article:

### What went well, that I might forget if I don’t write down?
  - I asked for help quicker - so I got stuck 3 times and rather than waisting hours to try to figure it out I reached out for help;
  - I created the 1st task in 1 hour - file structure, linked, html, basic css, html pictures on the page - proof of concept;
  - the next step took me longer and I got stuck 3 times but I worked with the TAs to find the solution 
### What did I learn today?
  - 
### What should I do differently next time?
  - guard my time better - I want to change how much of my time I am pouring into this. I love it. But I am neglecting myself - Better boundaries, Fizzo !!! 1.5 hour lunch break, so I can go walk and move my body, and cook with Michelle instead of microwaving a bit of food infront of the pc.
### What still puzzles me, or what do I need to learn more about?
  - drop down menu selection - attribting a class to the objects to select by - transferring that class to the LIs to check what is displayed on the page;
  - still more time on layout - especially with float;
  - sorting pictures - like by name is still a mistery;

Thinking about each of your assignments for the day, reflect on:

### Is the assignment complete? If not, where exactly did you leave off, and what work remains?
  - I am proud of myself that I got all code challenges done - and I actually enjoy them a lot;
  - I am proud of myself, that I got a MVP minimum viable product on the page for the unicorn pictures:
    1. the static page of 1 picture layout for proof of concept;
    2. the dynamic - reanimated from Json file;
    3. the dropdown list to populate and sort - no double entries;
    4. the filter and show of only display the selected keywords on the page;
  - what needs more doing ?
    1. stretch goal of sort by name or 1 other feature;
    2. better display with rows across; 
    3. mobile rule for display so only 1 picture across at mobile setup;
Do not get bogged down in written analysis; instead, focus on capturing the moment with an eye toward how your observations can guide you toward future productivity.

Capture your thoughts in the text field below. Note that your instructor and TAs will have access to your responses here in Canvas, but that this content is not publicly visible.