# Retrospective SQL
Retrospectives are a critical part of Agile, and typically take the form of meetings held by a team at the end of a sprint cycle. To get us acclimated to that process, we will use the format of a retrospectives to guide today’s reflection.

This article gives a nice overview to the role of retrospectives.

Take 10-15 minutes at the end of lab to respond to the following questions, adapted from the article:

### What went well, that I might forget if I don’t write down?
  - I got up at 4:00am and watched the front rwo class lecture again - and it paid off bigtime.
  - I copied over from trello all the dummy data. First win.
  - while location and parks were already working.
  - I went for a walk at 6:00am.
  - after class I immediatly went to front row. Dario helped me see where I had gone wrong. In 3 different places I had used variables (always in the req what came back) that were not available. CONSOLE.LOG more FIZZO.

  - through that I got my app - database storage working again.

  - with help from Sara I was able to figure out how to use the correct (and get it from their websitre myself) use the correct request url for the movie database.

  - I found out how to match the weird internal url /305832049589023845908.jpg to the real https://www.moviedatabase.....blablabla/305832049589023845908.jpg - great detective work, Fizzo.

  - I got help from Jason Taisey, who had gotten help from Zach and Matt - how to do the header request with Yelp. 

  - I cooked our favorite brunch again today. YES. everyday. Huge part of self care.
  - I did go for a walk with Michelle down to the marina. So worth it.

  - STILL HUMBLED BY HOW MUCH i DON`T KNOW;

### What did I learn today?
  - database setup with SQL part 2 - using the correct req.variables (output I called the stuff that comes back from sql)
  - api integration - how do I find the format the external server needs for me to send the request in
  - api integration - how do I find the format for the data that comes back

### What should I do differently next time?

  - ***if my code has problems, go straight to remo and jump right into help request to fix my code***

  - ***after lecture I am going to go for a walk with Michelle again, cook our favorite lunch and then codereview and THEN go straight to frontrow to re watch the lecture with school repo and trello up side by side!!!!***

  - ***guard my attitude better; I don't need to be perfect - AND I dont need to save OR judge people - I can just allow myself my own jouney like everyone else as well***

  - ***reach out for help sooner;***

  - ***re focus on my holy holy spirit - because that is where mygenius comes from. that is where true unconditional love fills me and flows through me - that is where the magic of the flow comes from***

  - ***take care of my body better - go to bed on time and lovingly take care of yourself***

### What still puzzles me, or what do I need to learn more about?

- ***web server stuff (deployment, etc) - how the backend talks to the frontend;***

- the regex syntax is still somewhat strange - I want to use this weekend to STUDY;
- CSS Grid - I want to use this weekend to STUDY;
- REWATCH server deployment, creating databases and using them through npm, the heroku part of deployment, creating headers in the request cycle

Thinking about each of your assignments for the day, reflect on:
### Is the assignment complete? If not, where exactly did you leave off, and what work remains? what needs more doing ?

  + code challenges with reduce - review

  + resubmit 3 labs

  + My portfolio app is nowhere near complete - professional pitch, text content and flip card for my picture at the bottom

  + professional about me PITCH on my portfolio website

  + CSS GRID;