# Retrospective
Retrospectives are a critical part of Agile, and typically take the form of meetings held by a team at the end of a sprint cycle. To get us acclimated to that process, we will use the format of a retrospectives to guide today’s reflection.

This article gives a nice overview to the role of retrospectives.

Take 10-15 minutes at the end of lab to respond to the following questions, adapted from the article:

### What went well, that I might forget if I don’t write down?
  - in class today Matt asked to go over the code challenge from 2 days ago - and I jumped in sharing my solution. That was such a great feeling of being proud of myself of having figured it out - yet I stayed humble to qualify that to not let other people feel less than. I explained how I can achieve so greatly with this and yet can`t figure out the simplest thing to make mustache templating work the same day (I did end up getting help from Sara and she showed me where I had gone down the wrong path) - anyway - I want to stay detached and humble like that - we are all a team and I want the best for everyone. T E A M .
  - again I asked for help; Sara and Chance helped me fix my broken app - now its running again - github had parsed a second copy of the json data into my data set without notifying me of this merge conflict.
  - I cleaned up our code project, reached out to Ceylin and re submitted our assignment;
  - ***slice, splice, split - I had a lot of fun figuring out the last challenges***;
  - STILL HUMBLED BY HOW MUCH i DON`T KNOW;
  - I had a great 1 on 1 with Nicholas. He is like a ZEN master. Being in his lecture is like a walk in a beautiful forest. Calming, re centering, enlivening, enlightening. I look up to that as a great example of how to be and how I would like to be to other people = less caught up in the illusions of this world and more loving and anchored in what really matters in the light of all eternity - a heart/soul that can be weighed against a feather;

### What did I learn today?
  - I loved the getting the horned picture website to work; - had to break it to re experience that hahaha
  - I learned I can change and grow and allow myself to explore split and splice and indexOf;
  - I am just starting out with heroku;

### What should I do differently next time?
  - guard my time better; AGAIN
  - reach out for help sooner;
  - re focus on my holy holy spirit - because that is where mygenius comes from. that is where true unconditional love fills me and flows through me - that is where the magic of the flow comes from
### What still puzzles me, or what do I need to learn more about?
- heroku and web server stuff (deployment, etc);
- the regex syntax is still somewhat strange;
- CSS Grid - I want to use this weekend to STUDY;

Thinking about each of your assignments for the day, reflect on:
### Is the assignment complete? If not, where exactly did you leave off, and what work remains?
  + I got through to code challenge number 6 and I think there is 13 in that segment;
  + My portfolio app is nowhere near complete;

## what needs more doing ?
    - CSS GRID;
    - 3rd option for color break;
    - heroku install;