# Retrospective SQL
Retrospectives are a critical part of Agile, and typically take the form of meetings held by a team at the end of a sprint cycle. To get us acclimated to that process, we will use the format of a retrospectives to guide today’s reflection.

This article gives a nice overview to the role of retrospectives.

Take 10-15 minutes at the end of lab to respond to the following questions, adapted from the article:

### What went well, that I might forget if I don’t write down?
  - although tired from the long hours I got up early again and did more work - reading assignments, code challenge and prepp for class.
  - I did go for a walk with Michelle. So worth it.

  - I joined James M in remo and we went through his and my code alternating - drawing out the call stack and drawing the WRC - that was fun and enlightneing - James M is brilliant. How beautiful to see such a brilliant, confident young man. Great experience. And I learned about sending header requests. And I learned about catching errors. And I learned how easy it is to refactor the code and how clean it looks when it is refactored. I will attempt this this weekend.

  - STILL HUMBLED BY HOW MUCH i DON`T KNOW;

### What should I do differently next time?

  - ***if my code has problems, go straight to remo and jump right into help request to fix my code***

  - ***after lecture I am going to go for a walk with Michelle again, cook our favorite lunch and then codereview and THEN go straight to frontrow to re watch the lecture with school repo and trello up side by side!!!!***

  - ***guard my attitude better; I don't need to be perfect - AND I dont need to save OR judge people - I can just allow myself my own jouney like everyone else as well***

  - ***reach out for help sooner;***

  - ***re focus on my holy holy spirit - because that is where mygenius comes from. that is where true unconditional love fills me and flows through me - that is where the magic of the flow comes from***

  - ***take care of my body better - go to bed on time and lovingly take care of yourself***

### What still puzzles me, or what do I need to learn more about?

- it is getting clearer and clearer === web server stuff (deployment, etc) - how the backend talks to the frontend;

- the regex syntax is still somewhat strange - I want to use this weekend to STUDY;
- CSS Grid - I want to use this weekend to STUDY;

- REWATCH server deployment, creating databases and using them through npm, the heroku part of deployment, creating headers in the request cycle

Thinking about each of your assignments for the day, reflect on:
### Is the assignment complete? If not, where exactly did you leave off, and what work remains? what needs more doing ?

  + code challenges with reduce - review

  + resubmit 3 labs

  + My portfolio app is nowhere near complete - professional pitch, text content and flip card for my picture at the bottom

  + professional about me PITCH on my portfolio website

  + CSS GRID;