# Retrospective
Retrospectives are a critical part of Agile, and typically take the form of meetings held by a team at the end of a sprint cycle. To get us acclimated to that process, we will use the format of a retrospectives to guide today’s reflection.

This article gives a nice overview to the role of retrospectives.

Take 10-15 minutes at the end of lab to respond to the following questions, adapted from the article:

### What went well, that I might forget if I don’t write down?
  - again I asked for help - but could have done more;
  - I reached out trying to improve our pair programming experience but there is a lot of room to grow;
  - I figured out with help from TA - big shour out to Sara and Chance - 
      + ***how to use mustache correctly***;
      + ***how to sort the pictures with a parameter accessing properties on an object (have to use square bracket notation !!!!!!!)***;
  - ***regex - I had a lot of fun figuring out the last challenges***;
  - STILL HUMBLED BY HOW MUCH i DON`T KNOW;

### What did I learn today?
  - I loved the getting the horned picture website to work;
  - I learned how to filter/sort - accessing object properties through a parameter ***using bracket notation***;
  - I learned I can change and grow and allow myself to explore CSS GRID;
  - sorting pictures;
  - correct use of mustache templating;
  - drop down menu selection - attribting a class to the objects to select by - transferring that class to the LIs to check what is displayed on the page;
### What should I do differently next time?
  - guard my time better; AGAIN
  - reach out for help sooner; I did well with the horned pictures website - but I totally underestimated how difficult CSS GRID would be for me - I am getting used to that different syntax and that takes time - patience, FIZZO.
  - really insist on true PAIR PROGRAMMING;
### What still puzzles me, or what do I need to learn more about?
- CSS GRID;
- the regex syntax is still somewhat strange;

Thinking about each of your assignments for the day, reflect on:

### Is the assignment complete? If not, where exactly did you leave off, and what work remains?
  + I am proud of myself that I got all ***most code challenges*** done; - but I was up till 2:00am - A for effort
  + I am proud of myself, that I got a minimum lab done:
    - I got most of the CSS GRID done - need to re submit;
    - I got the horned pictures app done - still need to sit with Ceylin to synchronize and help her finish/translate this over to her app;
## what needs more doing ?
    - CSS GRID;
    - 3rd option for color break;
    - heroku install;